Add HISTORY.md entry for change noted in #39589 (#39784)
JuliaLang/julia: HISTORY.md

  results table ([#38042]).
* `@testset` now supports the option `verbose` to show the test result summary
  of the children even if they all pass ([#33755]).

> * In `LinearIndices(::Tuple)` and `CartesianIndices(::Tuple)`, integer elements (as opposed to ranges of integers) of the
>   argument tuple now always describe 1-based ranges, e.g, `CartesianIndices((3, 1:3))` is equivalent to
>   `CartesianIndices((1:3, 1:3))`. This is consistent with the (old and new) behavior for tuples containing only integers
>   and is considered a bugfix ([#37829], [#37928]).

Reviewer: How about this?  It's a little tricky to _both_ keep with the style of the NEWS (leading with the new behavior) and also lead with the bugfix (which — by definition — leads with the old behavior).  Here's a shot at walking down the middle:

```suggestion
* In `LinearIndices(::Tuple)` and `CartesianIndices(::Tuple)`, integers (as opposed to ranges of integers) in the
  argument tuple now consistently describe 1-based ranges, e.g, `CartesianIndices((3, 1:3))` is equivalent to
  `CartesianIndices((1:3, 1:3))`. This is how tuples of integers have always been documented to work, but a
  bug had caused erroneous behaviors with heterogeneous tuples containing both integers and ranges ([#37829], [#37928]).
```

Author: I like it.
